docs: clarify per-environment activation variables (#6214)
prefix-dev/pixi: docs/reference/pixi_manifest.md

## The `activation` table

The activation table is used for specialized activation operations that need to be run when the environment is activated.

> At the top level, `[activation]` is shorthand for `[feature.default.activation]`, so it applies to every environment that includes the default feature.

Reviewer: Let's be careful with the wording here. I used to have something similar in the docs, but then people tried out `[feature.default....]` and noticed it doesn't actually work

Author: Makes sense, do you have a suggestion?

Reviewer: Added one

> At the top level, `[activation]` is shorthand for `[feature.default.activation]`, so it applies to every environment that includes the default feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As with other top level tables, `[activation]` belongs to the `default` feature.
Therefore, every environment that doesn't set `no-default-feature = true` includes that activation script.
```
